src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:4:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:4:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:4:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:4:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:5:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:5:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:6:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:6:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:9:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/lista1/DifferentMessage.java:9:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:3:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Main
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:3:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Main
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:3:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:3:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:5:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:5:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:6:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '6'-'10').
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:6:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '6'-'10').
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:6:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Main.java:6:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:4:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:4:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:4:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:4:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:5:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '5'-'12').
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:5:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '5'-'12').
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:5:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:5:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:7:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/lista1/Message.java:7:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
